started adding documentation (#420)
gnosis/gp-v2-contracts: docs/architecture.md

# Smart Contract Architecture Overview

Below is a brief description of the smart contracts located in the `src/contracts/` directory:

- `GPv2Settlement.sol`: The entrypoint for Gnosis Protocol V2; authenticated solvers call the `settle` function on this contract to perform batched settlements.
- `GPv2AllowListAuthentication.sol`: The allow list authentication contract is a simple `GPv2Authentication` implementation that manages a list of solvers that are authorized to perform settlements.

> - `GPv2AllowanceManager.sol`: The allowance manager is the contract users approve an ERC20 allowance for in order to interact with the protocol; it is intentionally a kept as a separate contracts so that SC interactions do not have access to user allowances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `GPv2AllowanceManager.sol`: The allowance manager is the contract users approve an ERC20 allowance for interacting with the protocol; it is intentionally kept as a separate contracts so that SC interactions do not have access to user allowances.
```

> - `interfaces`

Reviewer: I don't like backticks here, since it's not a contract nor a standalone entity:
```suggestion
- Interfaces:
```

The same holds for other lines in this list, I didn't mark them for a cleaner comment view.
